I.) General Information

	A.) SolidWorks Macro Runner

		The "SolidWorks Macro Runner" program was found from "https://forum.solidworks.com/thread/47294", and created by user Terry Raymond.

			Key Functions:
			1.) Searches a directory for all parts/assemblies/drawings.
			2.) Can search through subdirectories (recursive).
			3.) Can resume from the last file run.
			4.) Can stop after a specified number of files.
			5.) Runs one macro across all the chosen files in rapid succession.
			6.) Saves and closes the file once the macro is applied.
			7.) Is hardcoded to close and re-open SolidWorks after 500 files are opened (for possible performance reasons).
			8.) Is uninstallable from Windows Control Panel.
			9.) Has full source code and is thus editable.

		It works with SolidWorks 2014, both 64-bit and 32-bit versions.
		This simple program is beyond my ability to code in Visual Basic, so this is the best I could find with several hours of searching.

		The "SolidWorks Task Scheduler" bundled with SolidWorks 2014 does not have this functionality.
		It can be scheduled to run a macro of choosing, but the ability for it to search and how "deep" it searches must be coded in the macro itself.
		There exists another program called "SolidWorks Batch Runner". It can be found at "http://schmalls.com/blog/2008/05/solidworks-batch-runner".
		It is command-line only -- no GUI -- and I was personally unable to get it working myself, though it is reported to work with SW2009 and up.

	B.) Custom Properties Manager

		The "Custom Properties Manager" program was found in a random thread on the SolidWorks forums. I cannot find a link at present.

			Key Functions:
			1.) Can add new custom properties.
			2.) Can edit existing custom properties.
			3.) Can delete current custom properties.
			4.) Can search through subdirectories (recursive).
			5.) Does not require SolidWorks to be installed.

		This program has been and will be instrumental in adjusting, creating, and deleting custom properties as we complete the robot.

----------

II.) Macro Functions

	A.) Apply Image Quality [All Types].swp
		1.) Applies the ANSI drafting standard to start with a clean slate (resets to default essentially).
		2.) Loads the appropriate .sldstd file located in "\J5 Project CAD 2014\Resources\SolidWorks Settings & Tools\Drafting Standard\".
			2a.) "Input-Inc Part Drafting Standard.sldstd" if the open document is a part.
			2b.) "Input-Inc Assembly Drafting Standard.sldstd" if the open document is an assembly.
			2c.) "Input-Inc Drawing Drafting Standard.sldstd" if the open document is a drawing.

		Note: Refer to "Drafting Standard & General Tips.txt" for additional information regarding drafting standards.

		3.) Sets "Shaded and draft quality HLR/HLV resolution" to 85%.
		4.) Sets "Wireframe and high quality HLR/HLV resolution" to 85%.
		5.) Resets all other options in Image Quality to defaults.
		6.) Applies settings to "Detailing" within Document Properties.
			6a.) Turns "Shaded cosmetic threads" off for all file types.
			6b.) For drawings, turns "High quality cosmetic thread display" on.
		7.) Sets "Unit System" to IPS.
		8.) Applies settings to "Units" within Document Properties
			8a.) For parts and assemblies:
				Sets "Length", "Dual Dimension", and "Angular" decimal place length to 8 places.
				Sets "Mass - Length", "Motion - Time", "Motion - Force", "Motion - Power", and "Motion - Energy" decimal place length to the default of 2 places.
			8b.) For drawings:
				Sets "Length", "Dual Dimension", and "Angular" decimal place length to 4 places.
				Sets "Mass - Length" and "Motion - Time" decimal place length to the default of 2 places.
		9.) Resets all other options in Units to defaults.
		10.) Sets the FeatureManager width to 240 pixels wide.
		11.) Applies some final adjustments.
			11a.) For parts and assemblies:
				Applies the default "Shaded With Edges" display style to the model.
				Applies the default "3 Point Faded" background to the working area.
				The model is orientated to Isometric View.
				The model is "Fit to Screen" (F key on the keyboard).
			11b.) For drawings:
				Opens each sheet (page) of the drawing, and each page is "Fit to Screen" (F key on the keyboard).
				The first sheet is then made active, so that it will be the first sheet seen upon opening the file.

		Note: I recommend keeping SolidWorks maximized when using this macro. Otherwise, "Fit to Screen" may cause the model to appear far away from the "camera."

	B.) Change Drawing Sheet Format.swp
		This macro opens each page of a drawing, applies the appropriate "Input-Inc Sheet Format," fits the page to the screen, and returns to the first page.
		It determines which sheet format to use via the "Zone" custom property. Note that "Zone" must be a global custom property, not configuration-specific property, for this to work properly.
		The path to the sheet formats is relative to my computer and must be changed prior to use.

	C.) Change J5 Logo.swp
		This macro should not be needed unless changes to the J5 Logo on the sheet formats are required. Since we need a different picture to represent each zone, replacing the picture manually
		can be extremely tedious, time consuming, and click-intensive.
		It simply deletes the existing J5 Logo and replaces it with one specified in the code.

----------

III.) Usage Instructions

	i.) Applying to All Files Within a Directory
		A. Installation
			1.) Browse to "J5 Project CAD 2014\Resources\SolidWorks Settings & Tools\Macros\Tools" and open "SW Macro Runner Installer.zip".
			2.) Run "setup.exe" located inside the archive. The program will install.
			3.) Once installed, the shortcut to the program will be in your Windows Start Menu.
		B.) Usage
			1.) Run SolidWorks 2014, wait for it to load, and leave it open.
			2.) Run SolidWorks Macro Runner.
			3.) Select the macro to be run.
			4.) Select the folder you wish the macro to be run upon.
			5.) Choose whether or not to include subfolders. This should be checked if you want to apply the macro to everything in the above folder.
			6.) Select whether the macro should be applied to parts, assemblies, or drawings.
				Note: For "Apply Image Quality [All Types].swp", I recommend doing parts first, then assemblies, and finally, drawings. I do not advise doing all types at once.
				      I also recommend turning off the display of errors, such as rebuild prompts/errors and missing components, in order to not be interrupted during the process.
			7.) Turn "Save" and "Close" on.
			8.) Set "Stop after" to 0 to do all files.
			9.) Click "Run".
			
			Note: Again, SolidWorks Macro Runner will attempt to restart SolidWorks after 500 files for performance reasons the author coded in.
				Should any problems arise regarding this:
				1.) Close the Macro Runner and SolidWorks should they be open.
				2.) Run SolidWorks 2014, wait for it to load, and leave it open.
				3.) Run SolidWorks Macro Runner.
				4.) Follow the instructions above, though choosing to start at file 498-500.
				5.) Repeat as necessary.

	ii.) Applying to a Single File
		1.) Have the document you wish to be affected open.
		2.) Go up to the SolidWorks Ribbon and go to "Tools". Go down to "Macro" and choose "Run..."
		3.) Select the macro. 		
		The macro will run immediately and may give no indication when it is done. Note that the macros I have created do not save afterwards for safety reasons.

		Note: If you want a much quicker way to run a macro, I suggest looking at this link:
		      http://help.solidworks.com/2014/English/api/sldworksapiprogguide/GettingStarted/Assign_SolidWorks_Macro_to_Button.htm

----------

IV.) Editing

	i.) Editing a Macro
		1.) Go up to the SolidWorks Ribbon and go to "Tools". Go down to "Macro" and choose "Edit..."
		2.) Select the macro you wish to edit.

Anyone is free to edit these as they so choose, especially if they need to edit a path.
I strongly recommend copying these macros to somewhere on your hard drive before editing, so you can have your own "personalized" copy.

All the information on the SolidWorks API can be gathered from the website, forums, Google, etc.

Please feel free to ask for help if you need to edit, or have any feature requests!

----------

V.) Notes

Because I, Andrew, have created these macros, within the code there are paths relative to my system. For example:

"boolstatus = Part.Extension.LoadDraftingStandard("Z:\J5 Project CAD 2014\Resources\SolidWorks Settings & Tools\Drafting Standard\_____.sldstd")"

As you can see, it references the "Z:\J5 Project CAD 2014\" location on my computer. Lines like this MUST be changed if you intend to run the macro yourself. And believe me, there are A LOT of lines
similar to this one. I cannot for the life of me, write macros that work otherwise.